Specify Visual Basic versions (#13361)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/object-lifetime-how-objects-are-created-and-destroyed.md

 Constructors and destructors control the creation and destruction of objects. The `Sub New` and `Sub Finalize` procedures in Visual Basic initialize and destroy objects; they replace the `Class_Initialize` and `Class_Terminate` methods used in Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions.  
  
### Sub New  

>  The `Sub New` constructor can run only once when a class is created. It cannot be called explicitly anywhere other than in the first line of code of another constructor from either the same class or from a derived class. Furthermore, the code in the `Sub New` method always runs before any other code in a class. Visual Basic 2005 and later versions implicitly create a `Sub New` constructor at run time if you do not explicitly define a `Sub New` procedure for a class.  

Reviewer: Does this start with Visual Basic 2005, or is it true also of Visual Basic 2002 or Visual Basic 2003? It may be best to just change this to "Visual Basic" without referring to a version.

  
 The `Finalize` destructor is a protected method that can be called only from the class it belongs to, or from derived classes. The system calls `Finalize` automatically when an object is destroyed, so you should not explicitly call `Finalize` from outside of a derived class's `Finalize` implementation.  
  

>  Unlike `Class_Terminate`, which executes as soon as an object is set to nothing, there is usually a delay between when an object loses scope and when Visual Basic calls the `Finalize` destructor. Visual Basic 2005 and later versions allow for a second kind of destructor, <xref:System.IDisposable.Dispose%2A>, which can be explicitly called at any time to immediately release resources.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Unlike `Class_Terminate`, which executes as soon as an object is set to nothing, there is usually a delay between when an object loses scope and when Visual Basic calls the `Finalize` destructor. Visual Basic .NET allows for a second kind of destructor, <xref:System.IDisposable.Dispose%2A>, which can be explicitly called at any time to immediately release resources.  
```

Reviewer 2: Do we put a space between Visual Basic and .NET?

Reviewer: Yes,
